# CHANGELOG

- v0.1.2
  - 📓 Updated docs to properly reflect key names. Prior versions of this
      README were not up to date with the current functionality. Package
      functionality remains the same. Current and more accurate
      documentation can be generated by running `yarn doc && serve docs/`.

- v0.1.1
  - ❌ Breaking change!  
      `buildAQL()`'s `limit` parameter no longer accepts key
      `end`, which has been renamed, per Arango spec, to `count`. The functionality
      remains the same, which is why the patch bump. Please accept my apologies
      for the un-semver approach. I have a personal philosophy that v0.X.X is
      not really subject to the standard rules of semver, but I will do my best
      to not present further breaking changes without upping at least the minor
      version. It's important for any user of the library to have a version that
      will be more compatible with all future versions going forward.
  - 🔑🗝 multi-key search  
      this can be useful if you
      have multiple fields with textual information. Theoretically, each
      chapter of a book could be stored on its own key. Or a document could
      have be translated into several languages, each stored on its own key.
      - **There are two ways to provide multiple keys to relevant functions.**
      1) `query.key` now accepts in addition to a string value, an array of
      strings over which the query is to be run. All keys listed here will be
      run combined with all collections provided to `query.collections`
      **unless** a collection has a `keys` property of its own, in which case
      **only** those keys are searched against.
      2) `query.collections[].keys` is an optional array of key names that are
      indexed by `query.collections[].analyzer`. **Note** It is important that
      any key listed in `query.collections[].keys` be indexed by the analyzer
      as it will impact results if such a key does not exist.  


